Key,UsedInMainMenu,Source,Context,Changes,English,French,German,Klingon,Spanish,Polish

Expanded_Barrels,,blocks,Blocks,New,Expanded Barrels,,,,,
Expanded_Wood,,blocks,Blocks,New,Expanded Wood,,,,,
Expanded_Windows,,blocks,Blocks,New,Expanded Windows,,,,,
Expanded_Doors,,blocks,Blocks,New,Expanded Doors,,,,,
Gym_Time,,blocks,Blocks,New,Gym Time,,,,,
Home_Deco,,blocks,Blocks,New,Home Deco,,,,,
Park_Life,,blocks,Blocks,New,Park Life,,,,,
Bathroom_Plus,,blocks,Blocks,New,Bathroom Plus,,,,,
Kitchen_Plus,,blocks,Blocks,New,Kitchen Plus,,,,,
Army_Plus,,blocks,Blocks,New,Army Plus,,,,,

cntBarrelAcidQuadA,blocks,Block,,,Acid Barrel Group
cntBarrelAcidQuadB,blocks,Block,,,Acid Barrel Group
cntBarrelAcidSingle00,blocks,Block,,,Acid Barrel
cntBarrelGasQuadA,blocks,Block,,,Gas Barrel Group
cntBarrelGasQuadB,blocks,Block,,,Gas Barrel Group
cntBarrelGenericQuadA,blocks,Block,,,Rusty Barrel Group
cntBarrelGenericQuadB,blocks,Block,,,Rusty Barrel Group
cntBarrelOilQuadA,blocks,Block,,,Oil Barrel Group
cntBarrelOilQuadB,blocks,Block,,,Oil Barrel Group
cntBarrelPlasticQuadA,blocks,Block,,,Plastic Barrel Group
cntBarrelPlasticQuadB,blocks,Block,,,Plastic Barrel Group
cntBarrelRadiatedQuadA,blocks,Block,,,Radioactive Waste Barrel Group
cntBarrelRadiatedQuadB,blocks,Block,,,Radioactive Waste Barrel Group
cntBarrelWhiteQuadA,blocks,Block,,,White Barrel Group
cntBarrelWhiteQuadB,blocks,Block,,,White Barrel Group